opa5: add key modifiers example for OPA Press Action (#62)
SAP/openui5-docs: docs/Simulating_User_Interactions_on_Controls_8615a0b.md

    actions: new Press()
});
```

> You can also add key modifiers like the Control Key, Alt Key and the Shift Key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 1.97, you can add key modifiers, such as *Control*, *Alt*, and *Shift*:

```
